feat(core): describe initAction (#326)
artalar/reatom: docs/glossary.md

// const countDoubledAtom = map(count, count => count * 2)
```

> ### Atom init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dynamic initial state
```

Author: Done

> If you want to init atom you can subscribe on init action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to dynamically generate atom state (on subscription) you can derive it from `init` action

> See more about atom state [lifecycle](https://reatom.js.org/#/glossary?id=states-laziness)
```

Author: Done
